added basic instructions on BYOC (#4153)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/advanced/_index.md

K3S_AGENT_TOKEN: Optional. Defines the key required by the server to offer HTTP config resources to the agents. If not defined, agents will require K3S_TOKEN. Defining K3S_AGENT_TOKEN is encouraged to avoid agents having to know K3S_TOKEN, which is also used to encrypt data.

If no K3S_TOKEN is defined, the first K3s server will generate a random one. The result is part of the content in `/var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/token`. For example, `K1070878408e06a827960208f84ed18b65fa10f27864e71a57d9e053c4caff8504b::server:df54383b5659b9280aa1e73e60ef78fc`, where `df54383b5659b9280aa1e73e60ef78fc` is the K3S_TOKEN.

# Bring Your Own Intermediate CAs

> If you want to handle your own TLS chains, you can provide your own root or intermediate CA certificates to replace the default CAs which K3s generates on installation. You can find more discussions and references in [k3s#1868](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/issues/1868). It is important to be aware that you must perform these steps before installing K3s or it will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> It is important to perform these steps on the first server in the cluster before starting K3s for the first time. Making changes to cluster Root Certificate Authority certificates after the cluster has been brought up may render it unusable.

If you want to use custom Certificate Authority data, you can provide your own root or intermediate CA certificates in place of the default CAs which K3s generates on installation. You can find more discussions and references in [k3s#1868](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/issues/1868). 
```

## OpenSSL

Here is an example reference of how to generate your own root CAs with OpenSSL.

```
mkdir -p /var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/tls
cd /var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/tls
openssl genrsa -out client-ca.key 2048
openssl genrsa -out server-ca.key 2048
openssl genrsa -out request-header-ca.key 2048
openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -key client-ca.key -sha256 -days 3560 -out client-ca.crt -addext keyUsage=critical,digitalSignature,keyEncipherment,keyCertSign -subj '/CN=k3s-client-ca'
openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -key server-ca.key -sha256 -days 3560 -out server-ca.crt -addext keyUsage=critical,digitalSignature,keyEncipherment,keyCertSign -subj '/CN=k3s-server-ca'
openssl req -x509 -new -nodes -key request-header-ca.key -sha256 -days 3560 -out request-header-ca.crt -addext keyUsage=critical,digitalSignature,keyEncipherment,keyCertSign -subj '/CN=k3s-request-header-ca'
```

## HashiCorp Vault

This example uses an existing self-signed PKI infrastructure in [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) to generate intermediate CAs.

```

> export ROOT_DOMAIN="you-domain-here.com"

Reviewer: Use a RFC 2606 reserved domain for documentation:
```suggestion
export ROOT_DOMAIN="example.com"
```
